1)What is doctype?
Doctype is a declaration to the browser telling it what version of html the page is written in.

2)What are the different positions in CSS?
Normal, relative, absolute, fixed, and float.

3)What does the float property do?
Float allows you to move an element out of its normal positioning.

4)How do you change the direction of HTML text?
By using direction: rtl (right-to-left) or ltr (left-to-right)

5)Explain how the new HTML5 features works:

6)What are <label> elements used for?

7)When would you use a <div>, <section>, or <article> tag?

8)How can you apply CSS to only a part of the HTML document?

9)What are the new features introduced by CSS3?

10)What is responsive design?

11)Explain the different CSS units of measurement.

12)What are the possible values for the display rule and what do they do?

13)What is a class and an id?

14)How do you target a direct child element?

15)Can you target a single, specific element with a particular class?

16)What is the difference between display:none and visibility:hidden?

17)Does overflow: hidden create a new block formatting context?

18)Is it possible to use percentages in border widths?

19)Is it possible to use percentages in margins?

20)How do you reset a CSS style?

21)If you have a way of dividing an interface horizontally and vertically, could any layout be made?

22)What debug tools are available for CSS?

23)Explain how the box-model works.

24)Name a few pseudo-classes and what they are used for

25)Explain how CSS shorthand syntax works for padding/margin.

26)How can an inline style be overridden

27)Explain how to implement a carousel using CSS / CSS3

28)Is there a performance difference between the different selectors?

29)Explain how CSS3 animations work.

30)Explain how transitions work

31)How would you create a menu in which each element takes the same portion of space from its container, and if you change its size, it still remains the same space for each one

32)What cross browsers issues have you ran into and how did you deal with them?

33)What is flexbox? Have you used it?

34)What are media queries?

35)How is an HTML5 form implemented?

36)What is the specificity?

37)How would you use sprites?

38)How can you load CSS resources conditionally?

39)When sending form data, what is the difference between the GET and POST methods?
